Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Ooh...
Boo!
So this guy Jacob Shaw.
he believed he could create other worlds.
Ugh. you know. I saw Bloody
Mary once in high school.
Yeah. I opened my eyes.
and. bam. there she is.
You're not sitting near me when we do this.
Ooh...
Okay. okay. hey. hey. everyone. listen.
He claimed with this book.
he could travel to those worlds.
Now. hand over the candle.
and repeat after me.
Come on.
- Sorry. Sorry.
- God.
Doo-wat ak-em
ka ren el-bee shoit.
ka ren
el-bee
shoit.
Doo-wat ak-em
ma-at.
No... way.
Adam?
Hello?
Get down.
He can see you.
Please... please hide me.
Hide me.
What was that?
☯Synced & Corrected by Seppuku17☯
❃www.addic7ed.com❃
♪ ♪
♪ Shadows are falling and
I'm running out of breath ♪
♪ Keep me in your heart for a while... ♪
Here's to you. old son.
Never the dull moment. eh?
Well. if I was you. I wouldn't
have much to say to me. either.
Wow. self-pity parade.
Is this what you do when you're
left to your own devices?
Well. what's the point in having
a mirror that shows you the past
if you can't wallow in it?
Now. Zed's on bed rest. and
Chas is playing family man.
so. if you don't mind. leave me to it.
Have you checked the scry map?
No.
And I don't intend to.
You know. even God rested.
God rested because he'd
finished creating the world.
Your job is just heating up.
There's an old friend
you can still help. John.
and it's in your own backyard.
I've only one friend in town.
If you can call him that.
And you're all he's got.
Well. that is a little
less cryptic than usual.
o' feathery one.
Seems you're getting used to
breaking Daddy's rules. eh?
♪ Keep me in your heart for a while. ♪
Buddhists believe it's possible
to achieve a liberation
from samsara. the repetitive
cycle of birth and death.
The idea of transcendence is found
across cultures all over the world.
The ability to live on after death
or extend your experience
beyond...
Uh. all right. for. uh. next class.
just read ch-chapters.
um. 25 through 28. Thank you.
I've got a question.
In order to achieve liberation
from the cycle of life and death.
don't you have to fulfill
your life's purpose?
Uh...
Liberation is the purpose.
It's a state of peace.
A state of peace that I-I was really.
really enjoying right up
until this very moment.
♪ ♪
Whoa. is he all right?
He was just standing there.
He just collapsed.
Carter?
Carter.
He's not breathing.
Carter? Carter. can you hear me?
We had a... a deal.
I help you. and you-you do what?
You stay way away from me.
- Forever.
- And that was my every intention. Ritchie.
No magic. no demons. no John
Constantine whatso-damn-ever.
You swore it.
You promised me.
Gary's dead. Ritchie.
W...
Wait.
D... dead?
I'm sorry to spring it
on you like that. mate.
but. uh. now I have it on good authority
that something ill-natured is circling you
like a pack of wolves.
and I'm not just gonna sit
there and wait for it to attack.
Why me? I...
Have you noticed... I-I teach class.
I hold office hours. and I go home.
And I partake of a whole
lot of sedatives in between.
And that's all I do.
What about the data-mining?
You found any unusual spikes
in activity around the campus here?
The data-mining.
You know what?
You gaze at the chaos long enough...
can swallow you whole.
I shut my program down.
You shut it down?
That's right.
You know what I'm focusing on now?
Solutions.
What exactly are those solutions. Ritchie?
Oh. would you like to hear
some...? Here's the first one.
Solutions.
Yes. Adam.
Professor Simpson.
I need to talk to you about
my office hours today.
My friend Carter.
he. uh...
he collapsed outside of his dorm.
He's dead.
I...
I'm so sorry. Adam.
What happened?
He just...
stopped breathing.
Well. listen. you-you just...
you take whatever time you need.
Don't worry about your
office hours. okay. Adam?
What's wrong?
I-I... I-I saw someone.
It's okay. there's no one here.
No one but me.
Come here.
It's okay.
Shh...
What right do you have to stop me right here?
- I need to see that boy...
- J-Just get out of here.
All right. all right. Get out of here.
Cool. all right.
Your towering respect for law is
just astounding as always. John.
Oh. I see you managed to
steal from the cop as well.
Eh. it's a campus cop. mate. big difference.
Let's see. uh. victim collapsed.
Witness found him with
blue lips and extremities.
Says here that's consistent with
a sudden loss of circulation.
So you know this bloke?
He was friends with Adam.
my teaching assistant.
All right. we'll need to talk to Adam.
Okay. so does...
that would be talking meaning talking. right?
- Not harassing.
- Oh. yeah. well. you know me.
I'm well-versed in the art of
pretending to be a gentleman.
I do know you... that is
debatable. here we go.
I know what I saw.
He was there in the mirror.
Did Adam see him?
No. but he looked like the man you described
in that house last night.
There was no man. Lily.
And there was no house.
either. it wasn't real.
Wait. wait. last night you said
you saw something... we all did.
We wanted to see something.
It's called group hysteria.
My cognitive psych professor
taught us about it.
When you're trying to make sense
out of things that just don't.
I didn't come here to
talk about make-believe.
I came here for Carter.
I need to go clear my head.
Lily. hi.
You got a sec?
Um. hi. Professor Simpson.
Hey. have you seen Adam? I've
been trying to call him all day.
Um. I left him in my dorm room.
His phone's probably off.
So. this. uh. chap Carter...
he a mate of yours as well?
Uh. it's okay. Lily. This is my. uh...
colleague. of sorts. John Constantine.
I'm just trying to piece together
what happened to your mate last night.
It's all right.
You can answer his questions.
I'm confident my associate
is not gonna get you in trouble.
We were at the cemetery.
Look. we were just trying to have some fun.
Any others with you?
My friend Miranda.
And Adam. I should get back to him.
He felt terrible about missing office hours.
He's been taking this project
of yours very seriously...
That's fine. You just tell
him we'll pick back up
when he's ready. all right?
You take care and have a good night.
Thank you.
So. The cemetery. eh?
- Got what you need. John?
- No. I don't.
She's hiding something
and so are you.
But at least I know where to start.
Hah.
- Nice landing.
- How's your old friend?
Not very friendly. to be honest with you.
Maybe that's because you'd rather
wallow in the dead friends
than deal with them when they're alive.
Uh. you're a bit late to the party. mate.
Ritchie used to be my ace.
True partner in crime.
All the others were too
easily dazzled. you know?
Used to worship the
bloody ground I walked on.
Modesty.
I thought to myself.
here's someone with a sense of purpose.
and twisted enough to face the darkest forces
that evil has to offer.
Sounds like an interesting
basis for a friendship.
Ah. it's a requirement with me. mate.
Newcastle left a mark on our crew.
We all shut down in some
way. but Ritchie's fall...
that was the greatest.
He sounds like he could be useful to us.
Maybe you can... guide him back into action.
Oh. I'm not exactly a
guiding light. now. am I?
Oh. bollocks.
Really get on my nerves sometimes.
All right.
Fold és a levego.
hogy igaz legyen reveal
E-te-titok.
♪ ♪
Who's there?
Open the door.
You have to open the door. quick.
before he comes back.
What? Why? Why can't you do it?
Beeswax candle. hieroglyphics
and residual ash.
Now. you put those three together.
Ritchie. and what do you get?
An Egyptian ritual.
Well. I'm glad to see it's just
your courage that's wavering.
Now. I found those things in the cemetery
where your. uh. assistant
was having a skinful last night.
And by the looks of the
glyphs. I'd say it was a ritual
for out-of-body travel.
Now. where do you think that
a bunch of college students
would get that balmy idea. eh?
No. No. no. No. that's...
Oh... It's gone.
What's gone. Ritchie?
It was. uh... it was a private journal.
It was the private journal of Jacob Shaw.
Jacob Shaw. I remember that name.
He was the bloke who fancied himself
a traveler to alternative realms. right?
Right. right. right.
The journal records his success
with the Egyptian dream temple technique.
but...
Shaw stopped writing
after he shot his protégé.
Ooh. Well. you know. in my opinion.
the best ones are always
a little bit cracked.
And Shaw. he said it was a hunting accident.
He was awaiting trial for murder
when he fell into...
Get this...
A catatonic state.
Catatonic. Like. uh. Carter.
Yeah. Like Carter.
And Shaw died a few weeks later. and...
there was a theory.
What theory?
An "Elvis lives" kind of theory?
They say Shaw's consciousness
traveled to another dimension
and stayed there to escape his fate.
Well. that does make for a better story.
One that... sparked the imagination
- of your young teaching student.
- Yeah.
Well. if Adam's tried it
once. he'll try it again.
And it's up to us to beat him to it.
- Us.
- It... But...
Still not picking up.
Miranda was really upset.
I think we should go look for her.
Hmm.
What?
I just have this...
feeling.
What feeling?
What if Miranda's...
back there?
You mean at that house?
If her consciousness
- traveled back...
- No. Adam.
If it did. if it did...
then we have to back there and get her.
You just want to go back there
because it's exciting for you.
No. 'Cause if Miranda's back there.
it is my fault.
I need to find her.
You can try finding her your way
and I'll try mine.
Where you going?
Miranda dances to clear her head.
I'll be at the gym.
If those kids actually
made it into another realm.
then they've opened gates
that won't be easy to close.
In current conditions.
anyone can be pulled in through that gate.
not just the four that
took part in the ritual.
Yeah. well. it's worse than that. John.
Uh. Shaw had a theory.
If-if you're killed in another dimension.
your body here suffers
the same form of death.
Ah. That would explain Carter.
How the bloody hell did Adam
know about Shaw's journal?
Uh. well. we were using...
we've been using Shaw's research. just...
Ha. ha. ha. yeah.
For your new pet project. I presume.
And what. exactly. would that
Nobel Prize-worthy effort be. eh?
I don't believe you would understand.
No? Well. you know. for idiots. then.
- Singularity.
Do you understand it? Didn't think so.
Singularity's the idea that when
humanity and technology merge.
a person's consciousness can find immortality
inside a computer network.
Oh. it's like a bomb shelter for your brain.
That would be the idiot version. yes.
Well. you're practically living
in one now. aren't you. Ritchie?
You've done a great job of
making your world really small.
Hey. listen to me.
You really think I stopped
data-mining by choice?
No. no. no. I got tired of
crashing hard drives. man.
Way too many paranormal uprisings
to keep track of.
The darkness is almost here. John.
If we don't find Adam and
close that portal now.
who knows how many more
are gonna fall through?
And I just...
can't have that on my hands. John.
We'll find him.
Doo-wat ak-em
ka ren el-bee
ak-em ma-at.
Miranda. I knew you'd be here.
What...?
He's after me. We have to hide.
Miranda. I am so sorry...
Shh.
Miranda?
Looks like Alice has
already slipped through the looking glass.
- Jacob Shaw.
- That's right.
- What do you want?
- Exactly this. young lady.
Thank you for asking.
No. no. please! Stop!
Defensive wounds.
We need to wake him up now.
Wake up!
Ah... no. no. no!
Not now.
Ah. I got you.
Come on.
It's Miranda.
They found her...
dead in the dance studio.
They'll be shutting down the campus. next.
This. right here.
this is. this is all my fault.
Oh. spare me. will you?
You didn't make Adam do the ritual.
Gary... he unleashed that hunger demon...
You are not Gary.
And I brought this into Adam's life.
You see what we are. John?
To other people. we are what you call cancer.
And we're just spreading our disease.
You know. when you're done
sitting on your bloody pity pot.
we got work to do. all right?
Pity pot. that's...
that's good. John.
Yeah. laugh it up. tell your jokes.
but I'll tell you something.
You don't fool me. man.
Not anymore.
I know your secret.
I know what you pretend not to feel.
You know why?
'Cause...
I'm feeling it right now.
Let's go.
There's still one life left
we might be able to save.
Bollocks.
Professor Simpson. thank
God. please. please come in.
Where's Adam?
I need to tell him about Miranda.
Did you hear what happened?
We just came from the gym.
I-I found her body.
There was so much blood.
And I can't reach Adam.
So...
Lily.
No.
No. n-n-no. please no.
We tried to save him. but he
was trapped in another world.
No. I told him not to go back to that house.
Wait... what house?
I never saw him coming.
I just felt the plastic
over my face. and I just...
I just couldn't breathe.
We died.
so why are we still alive here?
Is this hell?
If we're still here.
it's because Shaw wants us here.
Allow me to apologize for not
giving you a proper welcome.
It has been a very long time
since I've had any houseguests.
And I've completely forgotten my manners.
Forgive me.
Polite.
Respectful.
You young people remind me of home.
My old home.
So... so restrictive.
It's different in this house.
And I've always been a sportsman.
So that's what we do here.
We play.
Now. I'm going to choose a weapon.
and you run along.
You have free reign.
just know that I will find you.
Okay. come on.
Come on. let's go.
You control this place.
Which means you built it.
Hmm. you're smarter than your friends.
Smart enough to know that this
is your reality and not mine.
And that you can't hurt me here.
Interesting hypothesis.
Of course. there is only one true way
for a hypothesis to become
a scientific theory.
Do you know what that is?
Of course.
It means you got to test it. right?
Test the hypothesis.
That's exactly right.
So...
shall we?
Where are we?
Oh. think of it as a spiritual safe house.
This place is amazing. John.
Jasper did all right. didn't he?
Now. based on what you told us.
Shaw's drawing your friends back
into his realm through reflective surfaces.
In Egyptian magic.
mirrors are doorways to
other spiritual planes.
But lucky enough. our
mate. he put protections
on any and all reflective
surfaces in this house.
I don't know what to make of any of this.
but thank you.
Ah. the best thing you can do
is take a seat and have a rest.
What do you two want to drink?
Whiskey would be great.
Yes. please.
And my kingdom to make mine a double.
My mom was supposed to pick
me up from the train station.
I'm just gonna give her a quick call.
Uh. n-n-no.
- No. don't look at the phone!
- Wait! Wait! Wait!
Lily.
Oh. my God. Adam!
What are you doing here?
No. you can't stay here.
You-you have to go back. it's not safe here.
- It's Shaw. isn't it?
- Look. he's a lunatic.
He hunts us. and then he
brings us right back to life.
It is a game that just never ends.
But you can still get out of here.
As long as he doesn't get to you. okay?
- Okay.
- All right?
Okay.
Her pulse is racing. John.
Which means two things.
She's alive and she's scared.
We need to get to her.
No. John.
- Oh. no. No!
- Ritchie. Ritchie.
Ritchie. listen to me... we're going.
- All right? We are going.
- I...
I can't do it without you.
Can't do it without you. Ritchie.
Okay.
There's only one way Shaw could pull Lily
back into another world
without a proper ritual.
It's a creation of his own design. right?
- He built it.
- Right.
So we need... we need a plan. Uh. Lily...
She said they all ended up in
different rooms of a house...
: And we can't help her
if we get killed. John.
before we can find her.
All right. so the first
order of business is...
We find each other on the other side.
That way. we got a better chance.
Right. but what about our bodies?
John. you don't even want to
know the dimensional mayhem
it would cause if anything
happened to our bodies here
while we're on another plane. all right?
Can we just discuss that a little bit?
Just a little.
You know. I think we'll be all right here.
- Now. come on. let's get to it.
- John. John. John. John.
You got to understand.
We are flying blind into his domain.
He controls it all.
The only rule there
is Shaw is god.
And it wouldn't be the
first one I've dealt with.
So. shall we?
Just like back in the day. eh?
Yeah. a little too much like it.
Doo-wat ak-em ka ren el-bee shoit.
Doo-wat ak-em ma-at.
Ritchie.
That's the real bogeyman.
Come on.
We need to find Lily now.
Of course. a dead end.
A fitting choice for our mad architect.
Uh. John. wait.
I can do this.
I studied the principles of other planes.
I can do this. John.
I can overwrite his world.
I know it.
You're bloody doing it. mate.
Nifty.
Very nifty.
John.
Please.
Hide me.
He's watching.
Who are you?
Where's Shaw?
I'm Jacob Shaw.
And who are you?
So the legend's true.
You did come here to escape.
I came here to live.
You're an arrogant. bloody sod. aren't you?
You're here to mutilate and murder.
Beings of my own creation.
Those students you butchered.
they didn't just leap
out of your imagination.
They were flesh and blood.
Yes. and they invaded my space.
My world. my rules.
It's a lesson you're about to learn.
Boy. you are a waste. man.
You're just a psychopath. hacking up...
These wounds. Ritchie. they're
his reality. not yours.
You're the greater mind here.
You can beat this guy!
Ritchie.
In this place. you...
you decide.
Ritchie. look at me.
Look at me.
Ritchie. look at me. Look at me.
I believe in you. old son.
Now. bloody do it!
Do it!
Some god you turned out to be. Shaw.
You forgot the sun.
No...
- No!
- Oh. yes.
All this time you spent here.
you could've been building worlds.
You could've been redefining life
and how we live it.
The day you gave into your weakness. Shaw.
that was the day you became obsolete.
This is my world!
Not anymore.
We have to get out of here.
This way. mate. Come on.
Come on. Ritchie.
Okay.
Nice job. Ritchie.
You even got the temperature right.
Lily.
What's happening?
Shaw's world is collapsing.
We need to get out of here right now.
Let's go!
What are you doing? We have to go!
This is as far as we go.
No.
No! No! No!
No! They're all still in
there! We have to do something!
There's nothing we can do for them.
No! Come on! It's too late!
Nothing we could've done. Lily.
They only existed inside that house.
Shaw's gone forever.
Their souls are free now.
On to the next journey.
Look at me.
It's your turn.
Oh... hold on a minute. squire.
And if I go back.
what happens to you?
I stay here.
Here happens to be an elaborate figment
of your confused imagination.
What was it you said to me in there?
I decide what's real.
This is it.
John. this is the reality that I want.
Simplicity.
And endless possibility.
This. John. this is. this is paradise.
Oh. what makes you think that after a decade.
you won't go off your trolley like Shaw?
Shaw was mad to begin with.
I'll do it right.
I'll build a world here.
I'll invent and create
and thrive.
You know what? I've already lost
one good friend to this fight.
And I'm not losing
another. so I'm calling you
on your rubbish. Ritchie Simpson.
If you stay here.
you will go balmy.
Balmier than you already are.
if that's at all possible.
Better here than back home.
At least.
in this world. I can forget
in this world. I can forget about
the darkness closing in on us. John.
Look. I just don't.
I don't want to be afraid anymore. John.
Fine.
That's fine.
Indulge yourself. Ritchie.
Just like Shaw.
You're two visionary peas in a bloody pod.
But do me a favor.
Don't lie to yourself.
This isn't about you creating something new.
This is about you running away.
Ritchie?
Ritchie. Ritchie. Ritchie. Ritchie.
Come on. come back to me.
Come on. Ritchie. come on. man. come on.
Come back. Ritchie!
Ah. you bugger.
In our last class.
we touched on the subject of Nirvana.
Achieving enlightenment.
In order to do that.
certain truths must be accepted.
First and foremost.
suffering is unavoidable.
Secondly.
you must understand
that suffering is caused by craving.
Humankind desires relief in ways
that ultimately do not satisfy the soul.
The third and final truth
is that inner peace
is possible.
But humankind's suffering won't end
until we learn how to stop our desire.
☯Synced & Corrected by Seppuku17☯
❃www.addic7ed.com❃
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm